Addressing Multiple Issues in PGF and GM Guide (#153)
DeckofAdventures/TheGame: docs/src/1_Mechanics/01_PlayerGuide_Full.md

Once the DR has been announced, players must make the check. Players may consult with
their GM to determine if another Attribute or Skill may be used instead. A player will

> draw one card from the top of their deck. Immediately after drawing, a player will apply any relevant

Reviewer: While as it stands people aren't drawing from anywhere but the top of their deck. But perhaps an effect in the future will let them do so, making the additional words important.

> draw one card from the top of their deck. Immediately after drawing, a player will apply any relevant

Author: Reverted the change. I think partly my reasoning here for modifying this is that since this is the first description of making a check in the PGF it may be confusing to a player wondering whether they draw a card, a few cards, whether there's a hand, etc. so I was thinking of finding a way to be very explicit up front that there's a deck of cards and you're top-decking to make a check.

pitting two skills against each other. This might be one character sneaking past
another (e.g., Stealth vs. Detection), or one character causing a magical effect that
another tries to dodge (e.g., Craft vs. Agility). This is a Contested Check. In these
cases, the character who initiated the action (i.e., the Attacker)
sets the DR; the DR for a Contested Check is 3 minus half of the Attacker's relevant

> modifier, to a minimum of 0. The character(s) responding are the Target(s), and must draw a Check against the initiator's TC. Rules that

Reviewer: Same thought here. While it is a maximum of 6 now, I don't know if it'll change in the future. I think "minimum of 0" also helps people tie it all together in their own logic too. It helped me process it from personal experience.

Spades with a +1 Modifier to Detection and reports a 7, still outside the DR. Xena would 
successfully convince Jonas of something in this scenario. 

#### Saves

> Saves occur when a character is attempting to resist or shrug off a negative effect.
> Certain Powers, effects, or encounters may force a character to make a Save. When a
> character makes a Save, they draw a card against their own TC and use their Attribute
> Modifier for the relevant domain. A character cannot choose to use a different
> Attribute.
> 
> A Save will have a DR determined by the initiator's Skill Modifier used to initiate the
> Save. The DR for a Save is 3 minus half of the initiator's relevant modifier, to a
> minimum of 0. 
> 
> Saves may have different effects depending on a success or failure. This can sometimes
> mean a successful Save still results in taking damage or a negative effect. Reference a
> specific Power description for details on the effects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a character attempts to resist or shrug off a negative effect, they make a Save.
This could be caused by a Power, Status Condition, or a environmental effect. When a
character makes a Save, they draw a card against their own TC and use their relevant Attribute
Modifier, with a DR set by the initiating effect. If the effect is a Power, the DR is
3 minus half of the initiator's relevant Skill modifier. 
Saves may still have consequences even on a success, as specified by the initiating effect.
```

        - *Hide*: Stealth vs. target(s) Detection; impose Lower Hand on attacks against
         you by target(s) who failed

 A character can choose to hold their Major Action to occur on a stated trigger, such

>  as "I will make an Attack, Weapon when an enemy moves within 1 space of me." If the

Reviewer 2: I think this should be stated as 'Weapon Attack' but specified as a power as 'Attack, Weapon' so that attacks get sorted together alphabetically.

```suggestion
 as "I will make a Weapon Attack when an enemy moves within 1 space of me." If the
```

1 space away draw with Lower Hand. A creature can spend 1 speed to willingly go prone as part of their movement, gaining the Knocked Down status.

4. **Blinded, Deafened** At the start of their turn, as a Free Action, a Dealer makes a
DR 3 Intuition Save. If they fail, they draw Lower Hand (3) for any
action requiring the relevant sense.

5. **Knocked Out** Knocked Out (KO) Dealers are unable to act until treated by a Craft
check or a Healing Power (DR 5 vs. the KO Dealer's TC, minus 1 for each turn passed
since the effect onset). If a Knocked Out Dealer is attacked further, the player begins
an Epic Event alone.

6. **Burned** As a Minor Action, a Dealer can make a DR 3 Intuition Save to stop the
burning. On a failure, they take 1 damage bypassing AP.

7. **Poisoned N** Each poisoning effect adds +1 Poisoned. At the start of their turn, as
a Free Action, a Dealer makes a DR 3 Vitality Save to shake off the effects of the
poison. On a failure, they discard N+1 cards.

8. **Frozen** Movement speed is reduced by half and all skill checks are drawn at Lower
Hand. A Dealer makes a DR 3 Strength Save as a Free Action at the end of their turn to
attempt to end the freeze.

> 9. **Suffocating** At the beginning of their turn, a Dealer makes a DR 2 Vitality Save. On a failure, take 2 damage. On a success, take half damage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. **Suffocating** At the beginning of their turn, a Dealer makes a DR 2 Vitality Save. On a failure, take 2 damage. On a success, take 1 damage.
```

Falling from a great height is dangerous. At the end of a fall, a creature takes 1
damage and applies -1 speed for every 2 space equivalent in height it fell and the creature is Knocked Down.
This speed is recovered after a Rest or if the creature is healed to their maximum HP. Your GM may allow for an Agility Save to mitigate the penalty from falling.

#### Challenging Terrain

Moving through the environment can sometimes be challenging. When navigating
through *Challenging Terrain*, moving through one space requires 2 speed. While
standing in Challenging Terrain, all Agility Saves are made with the Lower Hand. 

#### Holding Breath

> A character can hold their breath for 1 + N number of additional minutes, where N is the
> character's Vitality Modifier. When this time runs out, or if something causes a
> character to no longer hold their breath while underwater or in a vacuum, the character
> gains the *Suffocating* Status Condition.

Reviewer 2: I think we should frame other effects in terms of subtracting from this number.

```suggestion
A character go without air for 1 + 2 times Vitality Mod minutes. 
Taking damage without air reduces this time by 1 minute. 
After this time, the character
gains the *Suffocating* Status Condition.
```
